[ADD] sale_default_uom (#1885)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_default_uom/readme/USAGE.rst

To use features of this module, you need to:

#. Go to Sales > Products > Products
#. Open a product.

> #. You will see a field called 'Default UOM for sales' on the form view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. You will see a field called 'Default Sale UoM' on the form view.
```

Author: I will update it
